---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "roxywi_haproxy_section_frontend Resource - roxywi"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manage HAProxy Frontend sections. Please note that changes may cause HAProxy to restart.
---

# roxywi_haproxy_section_frontend (Resource)

Manage HAProxy Frontend sections. Please note that changes may cause HAProxy to restart.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "roxywi_haproxy_section_frontend" "example" {
  name           = "example-frontend"
  mode           = "http"
  ssl_offloading = true
  server_id      = 1
  waf            = false
  headers {
    path   = "http-response"
    method = "add-header"
    name   = "test-header"
    value  = "test"
  }
  binds {
    ip   = "0.0.0.0"
    port = 8088
  }
  acls {
    acl_if         = 1
    acl_value      = "example.com"
    acl_then       = 5
    acl_then_value = "test_backend"
  }
  acls {
    acl_if    = 2
    acl_value = "example2.com"
    acl_then  = 4
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `binds` (Block List, Min: 1) List of backend servers configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--binds))
- `name` (String) Name of the Frontend section.
- `server_id` (Number) The ID of the server to deploy to.

### Optional

- `acls` (Block List) List of ACLs configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--acls))
- `action` (String) What action should be taken after changing the config. Available: save, reload, restart.
- `antibot` (Boolean) Add Anti Bot settings.
- `backends` (String) Default backend to use.
- `blacklist` (String) Path to a blacklist.
- `cache` (Boolean) Cache enabling.
- `compression` (Boolean) HTTP compression allows you to shrink the body of a response before it is relayed to a client, which results in using less network bandwidth per request. From a client's perspective, this reduces latency.
- `ddos` (Boolean) DDOS attack protect.
- `forward_for` (Boolean) When HAProxy Enterprise proxies a TCP connection, it overwrites the client's source IP address with its own when communicating with the backend server. However, when relaying HTTP messages, it can store the client's address in the HTTP header X-Forwarded-For. The backend server can then be configured to read the value from that header to retrieve the client's IP address.
- `headers` (Block List) Set custom check parameters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--headers))
- `maxconn` (Number) Limits the per-process connection limit.
- `mode` (String) Load balancing mode. Available values are: `tcp`,`http`.
- `slow_attack` (Boolean) In a Slow POST attack, an attacker begins by sending a legitimate HTTP POST header to a Web server, exactly as they would under normal circumstances. The header specifies the exact size of the message body that will then follow. However, that message body is then sent at an alarmingly low rate – sometimes as slow as 1 byte per approximately two minutes.
- `ssl` (Block Set) SSL settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--ssl))
- `ssl_offloading` (Boolean) Enable redirection from HTTP scheme to HTTPS scheme.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `waf` (Boolean) Add WAF settings.
- `whitelist` (String) Path to a whitelist.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--binds"></a>
### Nested Schema for `binds`

Required:

- `port` (Number) Port for binding frontender.

Optional:

- `ip` (String) IP for binding frontender.


<a id="nestedblock--acls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `acls`

Required:

- `acl_if` (Number) If statement: 1: 'hdr_beg(host) -i', 2: 'hdr_end(host) -i', 3: 'path_beg -i', 4: 'path_end -i', 6: 'src ip'.
- `acl_then` (Number) Then statement: 2: 'http-request redirect location', 3:'http-request allow', 4: 'http-request deny', 5: 'use_backend'.
- `acl_value` (String) If value.

Optional:

- `acl_then_value` (String) Then value.


<a id="nestedblock--headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `headers`

Required:

- `method` (String) Header method. Could be: add-header, set-header, del-header
- `name` (String) Header name
- `path` (String) Header. Could be: http-response, http-request
- `value` (String) Header value. Leave blank if using del-header.


<a id="nestedblock--ssl"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ssl`

Required:

- `cert` (String) Path to the pem file.
- `ssl_check_backend` (Number) Disable SSL verify on servers.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `update` (String)


## Import

In Terraform v1.7.0 and later, use an import block to import Group. For example:

```terraform
import {
  to = roxywi_haproxy_section_listen.example
  id = "1-example-listen"
}
```

Using terraform import, import Group can be imported using the `id`, e.g. For example:

```shell
% terraform import roxywi_haproxy_section_listen.example 1-example-listen
```
