---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "roxywi_haproxy_section_defaults Resource - roxywi"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manage HAProxy Defaults sections. Since this section exists by default and cannot be deleted, it can only be imported and edited. Please note that changes may cause HAProxy to restart.
---

# roxywi_haproxy_section_defaults (Resource)

Manage HAProxy Defaults sections. Since this section exists by default and cannot be deleted, it can only be imported and edited. Please note that changes may cause HAProxy to restart.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "roxywi" {
  base_url = "https://..."
  login    = "test"
  password = "testpass"
}

resource "roxywi_haproxy_section_defaults" "example" {
  server_id = 1
  action    = "restart"
  timeout {
    check = 11
  }
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `server_id` (Number) The ID of the server to deploy to.

### Optional

- `action` (String) What action should be taken after changing the config. Available: save, reload, restart.
- `log` (String) A list loging settings.
- `maxconn` (Number) Limits the per-process connection limit.
- `option` (String) Here you can put addinional options separeted by '
'.
- `retries` (Number) Set the number of retries to perform on a server after a failure.
- `timeout` (Block Set) A Set of timeout settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeout))
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--timeout"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeout`

Optional:

- `check` (Number) IP address of the backend server.
- `client` (Number) Port number on which the backend server listens for requests.
- `connect` (Number) Weight assigned to the backend server.
- `http_keep_alive` (Number) Weight assigned to the backend server.
- `http_request` (Number) Weight assigned to the backend server.
- `queue` (Number) Weight assigned to the backend server.
- `server` (Number) Weight assigned to the backend server.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `delete` (String)
- `update` (String)


## Import

In Terraform v1.7.0 and later, use an import block to import Group. For example:

```terraform
import {
  to = roxywi_haproxy_section_defaults.example
  id = "1-defaults"
}
```

Using terraform import, import Group can be imported using the `id`, e.g. For example:

```shell
% terraform import roxywi_haproxy_section_defaults.example 1-defaults
```
