---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "roxywi_nginx_section_upstream Resource - roxywi"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manage Nginx upstream sections. Please note that changes may cause Nginx to restart.
---

# roxywi_nginx_section_upstream (Resource)

Manage Nginx upstream sections. Please note that changes may cause Nginx to restart.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "roxywi" {
  base_url = "https://..."
  login    = "test"
  password = "testpass"
}

resource "roxywi_haproxy_section_user_list" "example" {
  userlist_groups = ["group1", "group2"]
  userlist_users {
    user     = "user1"
    password = "password1"
    group    = "group2"
  }
  userlist_users {
    user     = "user2"
    password = "password2"
  }

  name      = "user_list"
  server_id = 1
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `balance` (String) Load balancing algorithm. Available values are: `round_robin`,`ip_hash`,`least_conn`,`random`.
- `name` (String) Name of the Upstream section.
- `server_id` (Number) The ID of the server to deploy to.

### Optional

- `action` (String) What action should be taken after changing the config. Available: save, reload, restart.
- `backend_servers` (Block List) List of backend servers configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--backend_servers))
- `keepalive` (Number) Connection keep alive timeout in seconds. Default: 32.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--backend_servers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `backend_servers`

Required:

- `max_fails` (Number) How many unsuccessful connection attempts (connect, send, read, or timeout) must occur in a row before the server is considered temporarily unavailable.
- `port` (Number) Backend server port.
- `server` (String) Backend server address.

Optional:

- `fail_timeout` (Number) The time during which max_fails are taken into account, and the server will be excluded from the pool after exceeding this threshold.
After fail_timeout the server is considered available again.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `update` (String)

## Import

In Terraform v1.7.0 and later, use an import block to import Group. For example:

```terraform
import {
  to = roxywi_haproxy_section_user_list.example
  id = "1-user_list"
}
```

Using terraform import, import Group can be imported using the `id`, e.g. For example:

```shell
% terraform import roxywi_haproxy_section_user_list.example 1-user_list
```
