---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "roxywi_udp_listener Resource - roxywi"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manage UDP listeners in Roxy-WI.
---

# roxywi_udp_listener (Resource)

Manage UDP listeners in Roxy-WI.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "roxywi" {
  base_url = "https://demo.roxy-wi.org"
  login    = "your_login"
  password = "your_password"
}

resource "roxywi_udp_listener" "example" {
  config {
    backend_ip = "192.168.1.100"
    port       = 9997
    weight     = 50
  }
  config {
    backend_ip = "192.168.2.100"
    port       = 443
    weight     = 50
  }
  description = "Example UDP listener"
  group_id    = 1
  lb_algo     = "rr"
  name        = "example listener"
  port        = 1234
  server_id   = 1
  vip         = "10.0.0.127"
}
```

## Schema

### Required

- `config` (Block List, Min: 1) Configuration for the backend servers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config))
- `lb_algo` (String) Load balancing algorithm. Available values are: `rr`,`wrr`,`lc`,`wlc`,`sh`,`dh`,`lblc`.
- `name` (String) The name of the UDP listener.
- `port` (String) Port on which the UDP listener will listen.
- `vip` (String) IP address of the UDP listener binding, if `server_id` specified. VIP address of the UDP listener binding, if `cluster_id` specified. Must be a valid IPv4 and exists.

### Optional

- `cluster_id` (Number) Cluster ID where the UDP listener is located. Must be determined if `server_id` empty.
- `description` (String) The description of the UDP listener.
- `group_id` (String) ID of the group.
- `server_id` (Number) Server ID where the UDP listener is located. Must be determined if `cluster_id` empty
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--config"></a>

### Nested Schema for `config`

Required:

- `backend_ip` (String) IP address of the backend server.
- `port` (Number) Port number on which the backend server listens for requests.
- `weight` (Number) Weight assigned to the backend server.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>

### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

This resource supports the following timeouts:

Optional:

* `create` - Default is 10 minutes.
* `update` - Default is 10 minutes.
* `delete` - Default is 30 minutes.

## Import

In Terraform v1.7.0 and later, use an import block to import UDP Listener. For example:

```terraform
import {
  to = roxywi_udp_listener.example
  id = "6"
}
```

Using terraform import, import UDP Listener can be imported using the `id`, e.g. For example:

```shell
% terraform import roxywi_udp_listener.example 1
```